Hahahahaha
Help, hahahaha!
Dafu, let it go, Dafu, what are you doing here?
Mom
Uncle Su was forcing me just now
I'm taking care of your daughter for you.
Little bitch hooked your Uncle Su as soon as she walked in the door
Shameless
Mom
Did you not hear
I said Uncle Su
Did I hear him just now asking for his wallet?
Doctor, look at this
Oops, it's all my fault.
I didn't see this little fox
Let's settle the bill with him tonight
After all, I gave birth to a good skin
I can't help but shrink the big car
Mom, you don't even want to recognize me
Okay?
I'm going to take my luggage and get out of here right now
I will drag you down
No, this little bitch can't go
As long as your daughter
Can take down the president of the Shen Group
I can get my dad to marry you right away
Let you become the real Mrs. Su family
Don't worry.
I will definitely train this little bitch well
In the future, I will make money exclusively for doctors
Oh beauty
Mom hit you just now to help you out.
Mom is also based on ideals
You have no idea what you have suffered all these years
I'm sorry I blamed you wrong
There is no mother in the world who doesn't love her daughter
Can you believe it? Mom did it all for your own good
My brother didn't lie to me.
Mom still likes me
Mom will take you to a top dinner party tonight
Let you see the world
Ah!
That's me
I'll take you, you bitch, tonight
Sold to the president of the provincial and municipal group
What me Li Xuemei
You can be a high-ranking Mrs. Sanxiao